README.md, before:

# Logger

[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/linux-build-gold?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black&labelColor=gold&color=grey)](https://nightly.link/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/workflows/zig-build/main/crawl_nightly)

![GitHub Actions Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/zig-build.yml?style=flat-square&label=linux%20build)

(Un)apologetically Canadian rhythm/puzzle/adventure game for your arcade cabinet/smart fridge/laptop. Written with Zig and Raylib with ❤️.

## Features

### 🦾 Code

- Zig 🦎 with descriptive variable names and comments if you feel like it 🤓
- [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to describe changes in git

### ⚙️ Technologies

- Programmed in Zig for speed & explicit memory management
- Built with Raylib library

## Building this project

Instructions are platform agnostic. More or less.
Go to [ziglang.org](https://ziglang.org) to install Zig (0.13.0) for the system of your choice if you don't have it installed.

> Alternatively, see [zvm](https://zvm.app) to manager multiple versions of Zig
> Then, clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/` then open a terminal in the directory and run `zig build` to build for your system.

### Binaries

Whenever we hit a release or tag, you'll find them on the releases page.
If and when we hit 1.0.0, an itch.io page will also be available!

Commit message:

chore: a warning
its about the assets. not really a big deal

README.md, after:

# Logger

[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/linux-build-gold?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black&labelColor=gold&color=grey)](https://nightly.link/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/workflows/zig-build/main/crawl_nightly)

![GitHub Actions Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/zig-build.yml?style=flat-square&label=linux%20build)

(Un)apologetically Canadian rhythm/puzzle/adventure game for your arcade cabinet/smart fridge/laptop. Written with Zig and Raylib with ❤️.

## Features

### 🦾 Code

- Zig 🦎 with descriptive variable names and comments if you feel like it 🤓
- [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to describe changes in git

### ⚙️ Technologies

- Programmed in Zig for speed & explicit memory management
- Built with Raylib library

## Building this project

Instructions are platform agnostic. More or less.
Go to [ziglang.org](https://ziglang.org) to install Zig (0.13.0) for the system of your choice if you don't have it installed.

> Alternatively, see [zvm](https://zvm.app) to manager multiple versions of Zig
> Then, clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/Byte-Sized-Games/logJam/` then open a terminal in the directory and run `zig build` to build for your system.

### Binaries

Nightly builds are available by clicking the badges above.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Currently none of the assets are bundled with the binary, meaning that the
> repository still needs to be cloned in order to properly run the game files.
> This will eventually be remedied

Whenever we hit a release or tag, you'll find them on the releases page.
If and when we hit 1.0.0, an itch.io page will also be available!
